src/data/setup_en.md, before:

## Requirements

- Supported game versions* :
  - Streets of Rage 1 (W) (REV00).
  - 3D Streets of Rage (3DS - EU/US)
  - Sega Classics (Steam)
- BizHawk :
  - 2.7
  - 2.9.1 (recommended since I use it for tests)

## Setup

When genning the patch file will have an extension .apsor1 that you can open in the launcher with `Open Patch` button.
Alternatively, you can open with `ArchipelagoLauncher.exe` when double clicking on the patch file.

The SRAM is what will be used to track your progression, Streets of Rage doesn't have SRAM normally so you cannot use vanilla rom to play. The patch file will output a .md file that you can run with BizHawk.

You need to be connected to request to load a stage. Failing to do so will reset you to SEGA logo when you press Start on the round selection.

### /!\\<br>
This is an alpha build and as such you shouldn't expect no bugs.<br>
Feel free to discuss those bugs in the [Discord thread](https://discord.com/channels/731205301247803413/1421815799504437409)

*: There's no plans for Game Gear/Master System versions at all.

Commit message:

Update setup guide to include BizHawk 2.10+ support

src/data/setup_en.md, after:

## Requirements

- Supported game versions* :
  - Streets of Rage 1 (W) (REV00).
  - 3D Streets of Rage (3DS - EU/US)
  - Sega Classics (Steam)
- BizHawk :
  - 2.7
  - 2.9.1 (recommended since I use it for tests)
  - 2.10**
  - 2.11**

## Setup

When genning the patch file will have an extension .apsor1 that you can open in the launcher with `Open Patch` button.
Alternatively, you can open with `ArchipelagoLauncher.exe` when double clicking on the patch file.

The SRAM is what will be used to track your progression, Streets of Rage doesn't have SRAM normally so you cannot use vanilla rom to play. The patch file will output a .md file that you can run with BizHawk.

You need to be connected to request to load a stage. Failing to do so will reset you to SEGA logo when you press Start on the round selection.

### /!\\<br>
This is an alpha build and as such you shouldn't expect no bugs.<br>
Feel free to discuss those bugs in the [Discord thread](https://discord.com/channels/731205301247803413/1421815799504437409)

*: There's no plans for Game Gear/Master System versions at all.<br>
**: Change `using_2_10_plus_bizhawk_version` in the section `streets_of_rage_settings` of `<Archipelago folder>/host.yaml`.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Note: This doesn't always exist so you need to open a patch for the first time if it doesn't exist.
